Updated forgot password api to add support for Any enrolled MFA 453950 (#2974)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/reference/api/users/index.md

The user will be required to validate their security question's answer when visiting the reset link.  This operation can only be performed on users with an `ACTIVE` status and a valid [recovery question credential](#recovery-question-object).

> >**Note:** Password can be recovered when [Any enrolled MFA factor](https://help.okta.com/oie/en-us/Content/Topics/identity-engine/authenticators/configure-sspr.htm) is enabled. This is supported only with IDX Pipeline.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>**Note:** If you have migrated to Okta Identity Engine, you can allow users to recover passwords with any enrolled MFA authenticator. See [Self-serve account recovery](https://help.okta.com/oie/en-us/Content/Topics/identity-engine/authenticators/configure-sspr.htm).
```

> >**Note:** If you have migrated to Okta Identity Engine, you can allow users to recover passwords with any enrolled MFA authenticator. See [Self-serve account recovery](https://help.okta.com/oie/en-us/Content/Topics/identity-engine/authenticators/configure-sspr.htm).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>**Note:** If you have migrated to Okta Identity Engine, you can allow users to recover passwords with any enrolled MFA authenticator. See [Self-serve account recovery](https://help.okta.com/okta_help.htm?type=oie&id=ext-config-sspr).
```
